PRIVACY POLICY 
Last updated July 19, 2023 This privacy notice for RILECO QA AND RISK MANAGEMENT LLC ("we," "us," or "our"), describes how and why we might collect, store, use, and/or share ("process") your information when you use our services ("Services"), such as when you: 
Download and use our mobile application (Complete Bible Study), or any other application of ours that links to this privacy notice 

Engage with us in other related ways, including any sales, marketing, or events 

Questions or concerns? Reading this privacy notice will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services. If you still have any questions or concerns, please contact us at isaac.riley@gmail.com. 
SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS 
This summary provides key points from our privacy notice, but you can find out more details about any of these topics by clicking the link following each key point or by using our table of contents below to find the section you are looking for. 
What personal information do we process? When you visit, use, or navigate our Services, we may process personal information depending on how you interact with us and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. Learn more about personal information you disclose to us. 
Do we process any sensitive personal information? We do not process sensitive personal information. 
Do we receive any information from third parties? We do not receive any information from third parties. 
How do we process your information? We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent. We process your information only when we have a valid legal reason to do so. Learn more about how we process your information. 
In what situations and with which parties do we share personal information? We may share information in specific situations and with specific third parties. Learn more about when and with whom we share your personal information. 
How do we keep your information safe? We have organizational and technical processes and procedures in place to protect your personal information. However, no electronic transmission over the internet or information storage technology can be 

guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers,cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat oursecurity and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Learn moreabout how we keep your information safe.
What are your rights? Depending on where you are located geographically, theapplicable privacy law may mean you have certain rights regarding your personalinformation. Learn more about your privacy rights.
How do you exercise your rights? The easiest way to exercise your rights is bysubmitting a data subject access request, or by contacting us. We will consider andact upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Want to learn more about what we do with any information we collect? Review theprivacy notice in full.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
3. WHAT LEGAL BASES DO WE RELY ON TO PROCESS YOUR PERSONALINFORMATION?
4. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
6. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
7. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
8. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
9. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
10. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
11. DO VIRGINIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
12. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
13. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
14. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECTFROM YOU?

1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
In Short: We collect personal information that you provide to us.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you expressan interest in obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when youparticipate in activities on the Services, or otherwise when you contact us.
Sensitive Information. We do not process sensitive information.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete, and accurate,and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.

2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We process your information to provide, improve, and administer ourServices, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to complywith law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent.We process your personal information for a variety of reasons, depending onhow you interact with our Services, including:
To save or protect an individual's vital interest. We may process yourinformation when necessary to save or protect an individual’s vital interest,such as to prevent harm.


3. WHAT LEGAL BASES DO WE RELY ON TO PROCESSYOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We only process your personal information when we believe it is necessaryand we have a valid legal reason (i.e., legal basis) to do so under applicable law, likewith your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services to enter into orfulfill our contractual obligations, to protect your rights, or to fulfill our legitimatebusiness interests.
If you are located in the EU or UK, this section applies to you.
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and UK GDPR require us to explainthe valid legal bases we rely on in order to process your personal information. Assuch, we may rely on the following legal bases to process your personal information:
Consent. We may process your information if you have given us permission(i.e., consent) to use your personal information for a specific purpose. You canwithdraw your consent at any time. Learn more about withdrawing yourconsent.

Legal Obligations. We may process your information where we believe it isnecessary for compliance with our legal obligations, such as to cooperate witha law enforcement body or regulatory agency, exercise or defend our legalrights, or disclose your information as evidence in litigation in which we areinvolved.

Vital Interests. We may process your information where we believe it isnecessary to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of a third party,such as situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person. 

If you are located in Canada, this section applies to you.
We may process your information if you have given us specific permission (i.e.,express consent) to use your personal information for a specific purpose, or insituations where your permission can be inferred (i.e., implied consent). Youcan withdraw your consent at any time.
In some exceptional cases, we may be legally permitted under applicable law toprocess your information without your consent, including, for example:
If collection is clearly in the interests of an individual and consent cannot beobtained in a timely way

For investigations and fraud detection and prevention

For business transactions provided certain conditions are met

If it is contained in a witness statement and the collection is necessary toassess, process, or settle an insurance claim

For identifying injured, ill, or deceased persons and communicating with nextof kin

If we have reasonable grounds to believe an individual has been, is, or may bevictim of financial abuse

If it is reasonable to expect collection and use with consent would compromisethe availability or the accuracy of the information and the collection isreasonable for purposes related to investigating a breach of an agreement or acontravention of the laws of Canada or a province

If disclosure is required to comply with a subpoena, warrant, court order, orrules of the court relating to the production of records

If it was produced by an individual in the course of their employment, business,or profession and the collection is consistent with the purposes for which theinformation was produced

If the collection is solely for journalistic, artistic, or literary purposes


If the information is publicly available and is specified by the regulations


4. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOURPERSONAL INFORMATION? 
In Short: We may share information in specific situations described in this sectionand/or with the following third parties.
We may need to share your personal information in the following situations:
Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connectionwith, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing,or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.


5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposesoutlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for thepurposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required orpermitted by law (such as tax, accounting, or other legal requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personalinformation, we will either delete or anonymize such information, or, if this is notpossible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backuparchives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it fromany further processing until deletion is possible.

6. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short: We aim to protect your personal information through a system oforganizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate and reasonable technical and organizationalsecurity measures designed to protect the security of any personal information weprocess. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, noelectronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can beguaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers,cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat oursecurity and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Althoughwe will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personalinformation to and from our Services is at your own risk. You should only access theServices within a secure environment.

7. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
In Short: We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 yearsof age.
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. Byusing the Services, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parentor guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of theServices. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of agehas been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures topromptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data wemay have collected from children under age 18, please contact us atisaac.riley@gmail.com.

8. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: In some regions, such as the European Economic Area (EEA), UnitedKingdom (UK), and Canada, you have rights that allow you greater access to and 

control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate youraccount at any time.
In some regions (like the EEA, UK, and Canada), you have certain rights underapplicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access andobtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii)to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to dataportability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to theprocessing of your personal information. You can make such a request by contactingus by using the contact details provided in the section "HOW CAN YOU CONTACTUS ABOUT THIS NOTICE?" below.
We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable dataprotection laws. 
If you are located in the EEA or UK and you believe we are unlawfully processingyour personal information, you also have the right to complain to your Member Statedata protection authority or UK data protection authority.
If you are located in Switzerland, you may contact the Federal Data Protection andInformation Commissioner.
Withdrawing your consent: If we are relying on your consent to process yourpersonal information, which may be express and/or implied consent depending onthe applicable law, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. You canwithdraw your consent at any time by contacting us by using the contact detailsprovided in the section "HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?"below.
However, please note that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing beforeits withdrawal nor, when applicable law allows, will it affect the processing of yourpersonal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other thanconsent.
If you have questions or comments about your privacy rights, you may email us atisaac.riley@gmail.com.

9. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applicationsinclude a Do-Not-Track ("DNT") feature or setting you can activate to signal yourprivacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitoredand collected. At this stage no uniform technology standard for recognizing andimplementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respondto DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicatesyour choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted thatwe must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revisedversion of this privacy notice.

10. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFICPRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rightsregarding access to your personal information.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law,permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once ayear and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any)we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names andaddresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in theimmediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would liketo make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contactinformation provided below. 

If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered accountwith Services, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that youpublicly post on the Services. To request removal of such data, please contact ususing the contact information provided below and include the email addressassociated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We willmake sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Services, but please be awarethat the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from all oursystems (e.g., backups, etc.).
CCPA Privacy Notice
The California Code of Regulations defines a "resident" as:
(1) every individual who is in the State of California for other than a temporary ortransitory purpose and
(2) every individual who is domiciled in the State of California who is outside theState of California for a temporary or transitory purpose
All other individuals are defined as "non-residents."
If this definition of "resident" applies to you, we must adhere to certain rights andobligations regarding your personal information.
What categories of personal information do we collect?


the purposes for which the collected personal information is used;

whether we sell or share personal information to third parties;

the categories of personal information that we sold, shared, or disclosed for abusiness purpose;

the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold,shared, or disclosed for a business purpose;

the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personalinformation; and

the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.

In accordance with applicable law, we are not obligated to provide or deleteconsumer information that is de-identified in response to a consumer request or to re-identify individual data to verify a consumer request.
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy Rights
We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights.
Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information
We do not process consumer's sensitive personal information.
Verification process
Upon receiving your request, we will need to verify your identity to determine you arethe same person about whom we have the information in our system. Theseverification efforts require us to ask you to provide information so that we can match itwith information you have previously provided us. For instance, depending on thetype of request you submit, we may ask you to provide certain information so that wecan match the information you provide with the information we already have on file,or we may contact you through a communication method (e.g., phone or email) thatyou have previously provided to us. We may also use other verification methods asthe circumstances dictate.
We will only use personal information provided in your request to verify your identityor authority to make the request. To the extent possible, we will avoid requestingadditional information from you for the purposes of verification. However, if we cannotverify your identity from the information already maintained by us, we may requestthat you provide additional information for the purposes of verifying your identity andfor security or fraud-prevention purposes. We will delete such additionally providedinformation as soon as we finish verifying you.
Other privacy rights
You may object to the processing of your personal information.

You may request correction of your personal data if it is incorrect or no longerrelevant, or ask to restrict the processing of the information.

You can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA onyour behalf. We may deny a request from an authorized agent that does notsubmit proof that they have been validly authorized to act on your behalf inaccordance with the CCPA.

You may request to opt out from future selling or sharing of your personalinformation to third parties. Upon receiving an opt-out request, we will act uponthe request as soon as feasibly possible, but no later than fifteen (15) daysfrom the date of the request submission.

To exercise these rights, you can contact us by email at isaac.riley@gmail.com, or byreferring to the contact details at the bottom of this document. If you have a complaintabout how we handle your data, we would like to hear from you.



11. DO VIRGINIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACYRIGHTS?
In Short: Yes, if you are a resident of Virginia, you may be granted specific rightsregarding access to and use of your personal information.
Virginia CDPA Privacy Notice
Under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (CDPA):
"Consumer" means a natural person who is a resident of the Commonwealth actingonly in an individual or household context. It does not include a natural person actingin a commercial or employment context.
"Personal data" means any information that is linked or reasonably linkable to anidentified or identifiable natural person. "Personal data" does not include de-identifieddata or publicly available information.
"Sale of personal data" means the exchange of personal data for monetaryconsideration.
If this definition "consumer" applies to you, we must adhere to certain rights andobligations regarding your personal data.
The information we collect, use, and disclose about you will vary depending on howyou interact with us and our Services. To find out more, please visit the followinglinks:
Personal data we collect

How we use your personal data

When and with whom we share your personal data

Your rights with respect to your personal data
Right to be informed whether or not we are processing your personal data

Right to access your personal data

Right to correct inaccuracies in your personal data

Right to request deletion of your personal data

Right to obtain a copy of the personal data you previously shared with us

Right to opt out of the processing of your personal data if it is used for targetedadvertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisionsthat produce legal or similarly significant effects ("profiling")

We have not sold any personal data to third parties for business or commercialpurposes. We will not sell personal data in the future belonging to website visitors,users, and other consumers.
Exercise your rights provided under the Virginia CDPA
More information about our data collection and sharing practices can be found in thisprivacy notice.
You may contact us by email at isaac.riley@gmail.com, by submitting a data subjectaccess request, or by referring to the contact details at the bottom of this document.
If you are using an authorized agent to exercise your rights, we may deny a request ifthe authorized agent does not submit proof that they have been validly authorized toact on your behalf.
Verification process


We may request that you provide additional information reasonably necessary toverify you and your consumer's request. If you submit the request through anauthorized agent, we may need to collect additional information to verify your identitybefore processing your request.
Upon receiving your request, we will respond without undue delay, but in all cases,within forty-five (45) days of receipt. The response period may be extended once byforty-five (45) additional days when reasonably necessary. We will inform you of anysuch extension within the initial 45-day response period, together with the reason forthe extension.
Right to appeal 
If we decline to take action regarding your request, we will inform you of our decisionand reasoning behind it. If you wish to appeal our decision, please email us atisaac.riley@gmail.com. Within sixty (60) days of receipt of an appeal, we will informyou in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including awritten explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal if denied, you maycontact the Attorney General to submit a complaint.

12. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
In Short: Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevantlaws.
We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will beindicated by an updated "Revised" date and the updated version will be effective assoon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy notice, we maynotify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directlysending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequentlyto be informed of how we are protecting your information.

13. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may email us atisaac.riley@gmail.com or contact us by post at:
RILECO QA AND RISK MANAGEMENT LLC
9 Saint Francis Street
Roosevelt, NY 11575
United States

14. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THEDATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
Based on the applicable laws of your country, you may have the right to requestaccess to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, ordelete it. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please fillout and submit a data subject access request.
